Trust me.
It's real.
Full speed, Kevin.
Into the wall.
The tunnel, I mean.
uh six years back i asked one question i never got an answer from anyone do you know anyone that died from kovid it's the fog of antibodies war and a procrastination of the fall of the dollar you're getting fuked up the arse i don't know what that means dude um let's just look from where i'm sitting there's a whole bunch of kovid brain going around um
Do I know anyone that died from a heart attack?
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, morning.
Hello, hello, good morning ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by biologist CQCQ.
This is W3JJW, Whiskey Juliet.
Sorry, I said that wrong.
Whiskey 3 Juliet Juliet Whiskey.
This is W3JJW calling CQDX, trying to get out to the rest of the world.
trying to alert the world that America is being undermined from within.
We need some help getting this word out about RNA not being able to pandemic, about intramuscular injection just being dumb, not medicine, and transfection and transformation being crimes in healthy humans, especially if they don't understand it.
And the population pyramid being a real problem that's in need of management.
Thank you very much for joining me this morning It's actually this afternoon.
It's 1220 shame on me for being late 26 people watching I guess that's because I'm late this first video is a video which will
try to put into perspective where we are.
I'm just going to bring myself on screen for a second if you don't mind.
Let me get over here and see if I can do this correctly.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
And yeah, we're just doing another show, trying to get things done.
If you're trying to get books to me, for example, like these coming via Norway and Teo, thank you very much.
Just arrived today at P.O.
Box 802.
Weatherman skills failing.
At P.O.
Box 802, Bethel Park, Pennsylvania 15102.
You can also email this email address.
Gosh, I'm not very good at this.
You can email this email address and get out a mailing list, which kind of gives you a little bit of a heads up of whether I'm going to do a show.
But unless I get hit by a train, I think I'm going to be doing a show Monday through Friday somewhere before noon and after 10 a.m.
So between 10 and 12.
I'll try to go on at 10 10 but that doesn't happen very often because I'm always making adjustments and then get interrupted and then I need another cup of coffee and
I like to start at 10-10, 11-11, or 12-12, and today I started at 12-20, so I guess this is quite appropriate.
Anyway, let me stop this music here and see if we can get on to some more serious things.
I really would like to first start with a little video, so I'm gonna see if I can pop myself down here at the bottom
and then slide myself over here seamlessly in the cut.
Hello down here.
Again, this is the email, the address that I need or would love if you want to send anything to the house, send it via the PO box.
It's funny, sometimes if we don't check this, there's nothing there.
Other times, if we don't check it for a couple of days, there's like five extra boxes.
So thanks to everybody that sends things, they usually end up on the back,
if I do this just cheating wise.
They usually end up back there and so you can't always see them because that's always overexposed, especially when the back lights are on.
Hold on one second.
I am a photographer, just not a very good one all the time.
But if I get rid of those lights, see, that'll help a little bit.
There we go.
That's a little better.
So there you can see, um, back there is usually where the mail comes in.
Um, sometimes I have some mail here, like the card I got from, um, uh, the, the Ellen Watts, Melissa Watts, uh, hook up there.
Very excited about that coming in June.
Um, and then I also just put some books here that I get sometimes when they arrive or books that I'm reading.
Um, I got a whole pile of, uh,
of autism, old autism magazines, and I'm trying to understand the narrative.
I'm trying to understand the narrative that was laid out even before somebody as courageous as Brian Hooker in 2013 came out and said that he doesn't do that kind of stuff.
He doesn't use the word autism because that's not a word for him.
His son was vaccine damaged or vaccine injured or neurologically injured by a vaccine.
Anyway, welcome to the show.
I wanted to start with a video about Kevin McKernan, or made by Kevin McKernan's company, Cortinae or Cortinois.
You'll hear it in a minute.
It's a video from 2017.
I want you to listen carefully to Kevin and his brother explain how medicine is about to change in the next 10 years.
Please listen carefully.
for how Kevin McKernan explains how medicine is gonna change in the next 10 years and understand that this script did not start at COVID.
It just became a little more in our face during COVID, but this script has been going on behind the scenes for decades.
And of that, I am sure.
Cortigen Life Sciences, with headquarters in Warburn, Massachusetts, which is just outside of Boston, is transforming the field of genetic testing and creating new ways to unlock the secrets that are hidden deep in our DNA.
They're actually finding new methods to transform genetic sequencing information into meaningful test results to better understand why people have epilepsy and seizure disorders, mitochondrial disorders, and neurodevelopmental disorders, and what treatments may or may not work with an individual.
So we decided to take a trip to Cortogen to meet the team and to find out what's going on in their laboratory.
It is a child.
Hi everyone, and today we're in Louisville, Massachusetts at Cortigen Life Sciences to meet the team and to find more about what they do.
Cortigen was started by three brothers, Brian, Brendan, and Kevin McKernan.
I had a chance to sit down and talk to Brendan and Kevin about their cutting-edge company and how they're changing the way patients with neurological disorders are diagnosed and treated.
I learned that they had previously started two other companies.
One of which developed a way to sequence DNA much faster and for less money.
It was the basis of where Cortigen is today.
It was a very big transformation to have sequencing technology change in that time frame.
It went from costing maybe 300 million dollars to sequencing a human genome.
now for me this is really familiar territory because they've been singing this song for 25 years now singing the song about how sequencing has become cheaper producing dna in pure large quantities has become cheaper
And therefore transformation and transfection has become cheaper.
That's it.
That's what we need to hear here.
And everyone from Kurtzweiler all the way to McKernan has been selling this as evidence of their amazing contribution to the progression of technology.
This does not mean because they can copy books in a language they don't understand that they understand that language any better because they can copy the books cheaper.
And we don't even know, because we don't understand the language, if we are copying those books with high fidelity or low fidelity.
And that is one of the most remarkable assumptions that underlies this narrative, is that the fidelity of this process is intact, is real, when we can't even really verify it.
And if we can now verify it, it is not a technology that we've had for that long.
And it is still based on the modeling and approximation and probability models that all sequencing is based on.
genome down to maybe $3,000 in a matter of like three to four years.
So real dramatic change.
And we started to see people apply this to patients and find out the underlying cause of their disease and make changes that... I would instead ask the question, what if autism is just a consequence of their program?
It's just a consequence.
It might be an unintended consequence.
It might be something that they would rather have not happened because it would be better if they didn't have to have this elaborate fake anti-vax movement in order to deal with the problem.
Absolutely, but I think you should see it more as just a consequence of their program.
It's nothing they could have foreseen.
immediately benefited the patients, which was remarkable and that made us think we need to do this at a much grander scale.
We've been hearing from many of the physicians that this is really invaluable data in understanding and managing patient care.
We've been hearing from physicians that genetic data is valuable to provide care.
Stop lying!
That is frickin' crazy remarkable to me that he even said that.
We just gotta go back, because this whole thing is so thick.
He lays it on so thick here.
It is so perfect on Francis Collins, on Mark Lander, on Ventner, on everybody.
This is just rock solid, dead on balls narrative.
And I mean big time, bad biology,
narrative like this is ridiculous
We could envision having a collaborative ecosystem to bring patients and doctors together to start sharing these anecdotal cases.
Benefit of the patients, which was to buy this to patients and find out the underlying cause of their disease and make changes that immediately benefited the patients, which was remarkable.
$300 million to sequencing the human genome down to maybe $3,000 in a matter of like three to four years.
real dramatic change.
And we started to see people apply this to patients and find out the underlying cause of their disease and make changes that immediately benefited the patients, which was remarkable.
And that made us think we need to do this at a much grander scale.
That is a bold fricking claim that we have heard from doctors
who have made changes based on the data that we've provided.
Is the data a whole genome?
Like they just give them a book.
Here you go, doc.
You know, it's color-coded for all the different genotypes and, you know, just flip through it and let us know what you find.
We highlighted some of the most important parts, but other than that, you know, it's a couple of genetic polymorphisms, a few, you know, single polyphenucleotide morphins, you know, just a bunch of stuff like that.
What is he talking about?
Listen carefully now.
We've been hearing from many of the physicians that this is really invaluable data in understanding and managing patient care.
We can envision having a collaborative ecosystem to bring patients and doctors together and to start sharing these anecdotal cases.
This is not a joke.
The anecdotal cases they believe are these weird genetic susceptibilities.
Sometimes it's autism.
Sometimes it's an allergy.
Sometimes they get CFS.
It's all just genetic, just predispositions.
And we just have to sequence people and find the predispositions.
And then we can design a vaccine program for you.
and try to change medicine a lot faster than it has been done in the past.
We believe the clinical trials are gonna change dramatically in the next 10 years, that they will begin to use DNA sequencing as almost a trial requirement so that they- They will begin to use DNA sequencing.
They will begin to use DNA sequencing as a primary trial tool.
Listen carefully.
Sorry for the double there.
Oh, I got to start it again first.
Oh, get out of the way, mouse.
We can begin to focus their drugs in the next 10 years that they will begin to use DNA sequencing as almost a trial requirement so that they can begin to... A trial requirement.
That's what he said.
Focus their drugs at the right patient populations.
Right now, medicine is very much a law of averages game where they look to see if a drug works across the entire population and see how well it works.
And those days might be over.
Those days are probably going to change.
We need to sequence everyone.
Otherwise, we don't even know if drugs work for you.
Or maybe just the really sick anecdotal people.
It doesn't really matter.
If you're advocating for this, you are advocating for the bad biology.
You are imagining that the vast majority of what we call disease in health is something connected to genes.
And if we just knew what those genes were, then we could get a suite of medicines that would be best for those.
Sounds so much like the domain server, doesn't it?
But in a different spin.
to the point where the pharmaceutical companies recognize that, well, we need to first figure out which patients the drugs are good for.
So the pharmaceutical companies also recognize that we have to figure out who the drugs are good for.
So the pharmaceutical companies also recognize that the genetic background of all these people would be useful, or could be useful, or might be useful data to hide behind, or might be a useful argument to make so that we never have to test drugs again.
so that we never have to, you know, we can just use vaccines and we'll just use mRNA and we'll just design it for you and so then screw it.
The FDA is corrupt anyway, we might as well get rid of it.
and then get much better yield and efficacy by placing the right drugs to the right patients.
Eventually we could work with- This is actually a lot of what Sasha Latupova worked on with her company, which was trying to screen people with, you know, weird heart arrhythmia so that when you gave a drug that would change the heart arrhythmia, it would, you know, be more likely to not, you know, catch that person.
We don't want to use any people where they are vulnerable to a heart medication or heart side effects, so we'll screen them.
and keep them out of those trials.
It's the same bullshit.
Working for the same slavers.
The pharmaceutical companies say, hey, this is an interesting target for a child that might have chronic fatigue.
Perhaps we should have a- Chronic fatigue?
What's that, Judy Mikovits?
Joint development to bring another drug to market.
So we're very hopeful that this process of finding drugs is going to speed up and accelerate based on genetics.
We hope the process of finding drugs is going to speed up thanks to genetics.
Actually, that's probably an incorrect sound.
I mean, I should have probably gone.
That's absolutely right on dead on balls narrative.
He's been, he's been dead on balls narrative from the very beginning because in 2017 he was dead on balls narrative.
working toward this goal of sequencing first, I guess we'll start with all the interesting kids and all the all the screwed up anecdotal cases.
And then we'll combine that with the with the genome data that we're already collecting.
And once we get there, you know, we'll establish this new stream of remnants in 2020, where everybody will just be swabbing.
I wonder what kind of samples they use.
Then I spoke with Holly Hornung, a genetic counselor, and she described how doctors work with parents to order the tests for their children and what happens after they receive the results.
Order the tests for their children?
Why would they need to do that?
It's the Human Genome Project.
It's only like $3,000 to sequence the whole genome.
So what are the tests?
What are the tests that they're running?
Why is it described like that when it's just a genome sequence, right?
Or maybe it's not, huh?
Maybe it's not.
Do you see the illusion?
They're not sequencing these kids.
They're looking for markers, which is a very, very easy thing to do with PCR.
They're not sequencing these kids and looking at the whole genome and deciding what's useful unless they're giving that information to the government or storing it somewhere.
Where are they storing it?
You see the problem that that creates?
This is an illusion.
And if you assume that it's all sequencing, it's all magic because they invented the machines, then you assume that they're really doing what they say they're doing.
when they could just be making restriction enzyme maps of everybody and sequencing the useful areas that they have some handhold on what's going on there.
And the rest is just, holy cow, billions of bases.
We have no, we don't play with those.
They tell you a few stories about cystic fibrosis and a few stories about autism and a few stories about, you know, personalized medicine.
And it just round and round and round it goes for decades.
So my primary role here is to review all the genetic data that comes from our patients and write reports.
And I really just try to look to see if we can find an answer for why patients are having symptoms, be it epilepsy or developmental delay, and just so we can give families answers.
So the testing needs to be ordered by a physician, so either a pediatrician, a neurologist, a geneticist.
It doesn't really matter what specialty.
So essentially what they do is they sequence a bunch of markers that have known connections to some symptomologies, you know, like correlation.
And then they take your genome and they look at those things and they try to tell you a story that might explain why you have chronic fatigue.
Or maybe why you developed, why you developed, stop.
I have no responsibility.
Why you developed epilepsy, right?
That's all.
And then the doctors find it really useful if we tell them this information, because then they can make changes to their treatments.
This is just an illusion.
You can see that this woman is like, what, huh?
I kind of just do stuff.
I don't really figure anything out.
I just put some stuff in an Excel sheet, and then I look at the useful ones.
And maybe I Google PubMed a couple genes, and then I make up a story.
It's like, it is so much like Theranos.
It's kind of frightening.
And if you realize that their dad was connected to microarray data and microarray technology back when, you know, sequencing pathogens and sequencing, sequencing was already interesting.
And that's how this brothers, these brothers got their start.
Come on guys.
This is like a Jeff Bezos or an Elon Musk.
He's been given technology that other people invented.
He probably contributed something clever to it, but it's just, he is the forward facing face of a whole huge project of people that I guess none of those other people have anything to say.
Just Kevin McKernan's got stuff to say for the last five years about the pandemic and about PCR and about DNA contamination and methyl pseudouridine.
Nobody else that worked on the Human Genome Project anywhere on earth has anything to say but Kevin McKernan, this guy, who has an oddly interestingly parallel interest to Claire Craig of the 100,000 Genomes Project, a clinical pathologist in the UK who was assembling 100,000 genomes to look at some chronic diseases and stuff like that before the pandemic.
You know, Claire Craig, the one that Kevin McKernan wrote the Drorsten report with, where they kind of objected to the primers of the WHO PCR test and said that that guy from Germany is bad.
It's all one big show and there are only a few key liars that are necessary to sustain it and everybody else can just have interest in in popularity or in sponsorships or in their rising view count in hopes that they're gonna get on Joe Rogan and then I guess they're gonna retire somewhere.
I don't know.
It's gross.
And then cortisone just provides a saliva tube.
So all you have to do is spit in a tube.
You don't have to get a blood draw or anything.
A saliva tube.
Oh.
Huh.
So maybe I'm right about the fact that the use of PCR as a diagnostic in all of our hospitals is actually just a remnant stream for whole genome sequencing.
Maybe I'm not so crazy after.
Wow.
Isn't that interesting?
Huh.
Those remnants aren't worth anything.
Nobody would ever want those swabs.
We can send it to your house if your doctor doesn't have one in their office.
They can send it to your house.
Wow.
Interesting.
I guess that they could scale that up.
Couldn't they?
Oh, wait, they did.
Uh-huh.
Cool, that's about it.
So they'll get a genetic test result, which is essentially just a few pieces of paper, and it'll show them what genetic variants or what changes in their genes that we looked at were identified and if anything we think is associated with it.
And so they can only look at patterns that are consistent across many genomes.
They can only look at patterns that remain.
And those patterns don't cover everything.
Those patterns have nothing to do with the trajectory across time.
Those patterns have nothing to do with the assembly of proteins or their temporal expression patterns or their folding patterns in different, nothing to do with that.
And since ribosomes are the most important machine in our body,
And they're also encoded in DNA and they never talk about those.
It's just kind of weird.
You know, it's just kind of weird.
Ribosomes are actually RNA protein, riboprotein machines.
You know, they're made of RNA and protein subunits, which is pretty cool.
I don't know.
I think it's cool.
I also got to take a tour of the lab.
Christine Stanley, the chief lab director, told me about the entire process and how the technology works.
So we'll get individual patient samples.
We'll come in and get them by FedEx and other methods.
Most of our samples come in through saliva, saliva tubes at room temperature, or we also accept blood.
And the first step is to
take that patient information, enter it into our system, remove the sample, make sure everything looks okay, make sure there's good identifiers so that we're not mixing up different patient samples with one another.
So we keep good tracking of all that patient information as soon as it comes in the door.
Once we have that saliva sample ready, then we need to go to extraction.
and we will extract the DNA from the saliva or the blood sample and then we'll need to take the sample and we do like a barcoding to the sample so that we know
It's a weird question that you put in the chat.
I don't know if you saw what I held up before, but I see Taxicube has a question about the Marvel Universe, boys, etc.
Autism movement, genetic testing, and vaccination have to do with each other.
There was a comic book that was put out in
This is cool.
Check it out, baby.
Let's go over here.
Did that not work?
What the hell?
I didn't have the camera on?
Of course!
You know, I'm gonna really, seriously, my technical staff is just falling apart.
So I got this comic, number one, never touched, probably should put gloves on if I was a real comic book guy.
Come on GoPro, do your thing.
In case you want, one of my secrets is that the best GoPro is GoPro 7 Black.
Everything else is crap.
GoPro 7 Black allows you to do two things.
One, you can get a live feed.
like this, and that live feed can also be powered by USB-C, so you can do it forever.
And that's the only GoPro that does that.
Any other GoPro, they've screwed that part up.
So you can't buy a 7 Black anymore, except for secondhand, but if you find one or you see one on Craigslist, buy it, send it to 802-PO-BOX, 802 Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, 15102, and I'll put it to work.
And this is my GoPro 7 here.
And this is the first fantastic issue of Face Value Comics.
Now this thing is dope!
Why is it dope?
Autism and face values studies facial expressions as one way to improve communication.
Now I can't show you all this right now because I'm afraid I just want to preface it first.
and why I'm so excited about it.
I don't know why that's flaring.
Let's see if I can fix that flare.
I can't fix that flare.
It's just how I have it set up.
That's also how I get some light back on my face.
So anyway, the reason why I think this is cool is because neuroscience, that
that field I used to work in a long time ago.
Neuroscience has this whole subfield of facial recognition cells in monkeys where they record from grandmother's cells and Bill Gates' cells and they have
created this mythology about the possibility that individual neurons encode faces.
And they have pursued these ideas under the pretense that autistic kids cannot recognize facial expressions and emotion.
And so we need to study that part of the brain.
And then we can maybe compare the autistic brain to the,
the normal brain.
Now, obviously, I think that that's silly, but that's what this comic book is essentially supposed to be reinforcing.
That's what this money was spent to do.
Now, if this artist has no idea that that whole concept is dumb,
that that's not a way of thinking about autism when it's just neurological damage after repeated intramuscular injection as 2013 Brian Hooker would say.
But instead, they want you to believe it's a very complex disorder with a complex bouquet of environmental and genetic causes.
And one of the things that can happen is a lot of these kids don't recognize facial expressions.
And so we should understand them better.
We should try to understand autistic kids and we should have our kids understand other autistic kids that they don't get faces.
And this is a big thing.
They put this in place.
Sorry, I can't read.
2013, this one's coming from.
So 2013, coincidentally, the same year that Brian Hooker was recorded as saying that he doesn't use the word autism because his kid was neurologically damaged due to intramuscular injection or, you know, vaccination.
So that's pretty cool.
You just mentioned that, so I thought I would show you that.
We might read that later, because it's actually a really cool comic about a future world.
Let me just do it a little bit, because it's just awesome.
Welcome to the future!
I am Tess, your guide for this adventure.
Whenever you see my face inside the gears, look for more information about characters in our story.
In 2072, aliens attacked Earth.
Our peaceful society seemed to be unprepared, but not the Zephyr.
Most people think he is just a blue costume crime fighter, but he's been a surprising help.
Eel men are breaking through our defenses.
Let the shimmer fly for the airborne resistance.
Sergeant Stumpy, get your wasp ready, your wasp cannon.
Fall back and protect the robot.
Sometimes the world may seem confusing.
Let me help you understand.
First, listen to the Zephyr and be safe.
I'll tell you the story about our story so far, so it's really bizarre.
We didn't always live this way.
Don't worry about the Zephyr.
He's a strong fighter who knows and sees a lot.
He just wants us to be safe.
Why are you reading a comic book?
We're at war.
Space birds, the shimmer, don't, didn't always live amongst the clouds.
Okay.
Mankind didn't always fly steam powered gyrocopters either.
Here it goes.
A hundred years after atomic bombings, world leaders met in Japan.
Mankind admitted and learned from its shared mistakes.
Now I've been saying for a while that they're eventually going to admit that the old vaccine schedule was less than optimal.
And one of the ways that they will admit it is what Kevin McKernan is talking about in this video.
where he says that, you know, he wants to see in the next 10 years that the use of drugs in medicine and production of drugs in medicine will become based on or require genetic screening.
And so here, talking about admitting mistakes, that's how they're going to get you to accept it.
They're going to tell you what James Lyons Weiler agrees with
Paul Offit about it.
It's a complex interplay of environmental and genetic causes.
And so, since the environmental causes are irreducibly complex, we might as well focus on the genetic causes.
And I really believe that although this comic book has nothing to do with that directly, it is a thematically related story because they are planning to admit something.
Even if it's just that the first round of the COVID vaccines weren't very good because we used the gain-of-function spike protein.
I mean, that's where this is going.
And so governments made peace agreements, scientists found fuels, new fuels and medicines
Humanity saw an end to much suffering.
Look at the phoenix there.
That's a phoenix in that picture.
See that?
The phoenix?
Do you see the phoenix?
Union that the Scald Union ensured steam-powered technologies became available to the masses.
You see so the masses get to use shitty technology.
I don't trust Scald.
Vegetarian diets reduced world hunger.
Listen to this.
This is a comic book.
And over the next generation
Over the next generation, Earth welcomed extraterrestrial visitors, too.
Several peace-loving aliens sought safety in our utopian society where vegetarians eat and where everybody uses steam power.
Of course, there's walking trees.
There's animals called Chilaxin that use sunlight for food.
And there are bio droids with fiber optic vines.
And not all the robots on Earth are good, though.
They live beneath the oceans.
And these guys are bad guys, apparently.
And they live beneath the polluted water.
And yada, yada, yada.
Curious of our surface world, the Jachari shared unique literature, music, and almost magical science.
Anyway, it goes on and on and on, right?
That's what we're doing.
And if there's ever any confusion or if you're supposed to feel confused with the main character, who's of course a superhero, who's just an autistic kid who has anxiety, then they turn the page upside down and you have to read it upside down.
And that's supposed to make you, you know, empathize with the guy in the character.
So we might look at this.
I haven't finished reading.
I haven't even started reading it.
That was actually the first time I read it.
so it's a little sharp it's a little crispy um it was meant to be another show and i didn't have anything else to do so i probably wasted a little time there but because somebody asked that in the chat
I just thought that notepad is the perfect notebook form.
That is correct.
In case you're wondering, this is a Rhodia notebook.
But yes, that is absolutely correct.
I would agree with that 100% with Garden Variety Human.
So let me flash back over here, get this started again.
Shoot, we're still on the same video.
processing that belongs to that patient.
So when we mix the samples in the next steps, we can take all that back out and we can separate all the patients with one of those.
Each sample gets a unique code to it that's actually embedded in the sample itself.
So it sounds like, to me, what they've really done is mastered the ability to screen lots of people or do lots of tests, you see.
It's not so much the insight that they're providing, it's the data they're generating.
Oh, the data.
Once we have the sample extracted, then we have to prep it for sequencing.
And once we then prep the samples, we'll run those through our MiSeqs.
and they will obtain the DNA sequence of the samples.
But what we'll do then is we'll take the information from the patient, what's the clinical presentation of the patient, and then we look at the variation that we identified in that patient's DNA sequence, and we'll look at the genes where we find the variation, and we say what clinical presentation
I wonder what the variation is from, right?
What do they start as a baseline for the variation that they identify?
That's all the wizardry here.
This is no different than 23andMe or Theranos or any of these other things.
Theranos was doing it with blood.
These guys are doing it with sick kids who are fine with giving a sample of their saliva.
And so this is remarkable.
2017, Kevin McKernan.
is associated with individuals who have variation in those genes.
Our field is expanding so quickly and the information that we're getting is just so immense that we're rapidly starting to collaborate with other laboratories and form large collaborative databases where we all put our information in there from the patients that we've sequenced.
Large collaborative databases, what could go wrong?
And we use each other's information to help figure out
when we get those uncertain variants or uncertain variations in the sequence, what that means.
Finally, I talked to Doug Kennedy, Director of Nonprofit and Volunteer Outreach.
I was thrilled to learn that at the center of the Corningian culture is the spirit of giving back.
I think there's a true compassion and genuineness behind Cordington's leadership and their staff.
I think that in itself gives us a platform to really touch a lot of lives.
We sponsor events, either putting on walks or dinner parties or things to really benefit the lives of the people, you know, families like your own and to give them a brighter future and a community to learn from.
I think it's more motivating than being able to
uh, discover the underlying cause of the disease and see outcomes, see patients that are affected by this and perhaps cured by this.
Nothing is more rewarding than finding the underlying causes and curing kids.
This guy is amazing.
Yeah.
So murder and lies for what I would argue the human genome project.
That's the reason why we have a fake anti-vax movement in America.
It's a pretty bold statement to make, I think, but I'm going to make that statement.
So just taking it one step further, if the body starts reusing those pseudouridines in large quantities and other proteins, then you could be seeing mutations of important proteins in your body, at least in certain areas.
hasn't been really tracked down.
They're leveraging an important pathway in biology to evade some of the RNases without really taking a close look at what does that do to the RNA biology in the cell.
So he's just complicating things with bullshit because we actually use pseudouridine in our cells, it's there.
It's not like it can't be degraded.
And so he's pretending, the guy just asked him if it could mutate genes.
This is the methyl pseudouridine in the RNA transfection is not going to mutate any genes, but it's going to screw up a lot of stuff.
But if he gets you to chase that one down, that's just great.
This is last year.
The reason why I'm showing you this video is because at the very end of the video, he addresses this list.
This list where RNA cannot pandemic, intramuscular injection is dumb, transfection in healthy humans was always a crime, and the population pyramid is a problem being actively managed by his bosses.
He will say a response to this list at the end of this video.
This video is from mid 24.
Okay, can you go back to the melting point idea that you mentioned?
How would that affect the RNA, if at all?
It changes the secondary structure, meaning it folds differently.
And a lot of the enzymes in your body and a lot of the toll receptors key in on single versus double-stranded RNA.
And I think most of the vaccine RNA, it's gonna look like double-stranded RNA just because it folds and hairpins.
There's a paper that I put out with Peter McCullough on this, where if you take,
the codon-optimized sequences, which are a lot more GC enriched and also have these N1-methylsutadiuridines and put them into a program called RNA Fold, you'll see a completely different secondary structure for the vaccines than you'll see for the virus.
And so he's arguing that they'll be degraded because of the secondary structure or they won't be degraded because of the secondary structure, never mind the fact that the, sorry, the tertiary structure, but the tertiary structure is what it's selected on then.
The tertiary structure could give it function.
The tertiary structure could make it avoid or attract these toll-like receptors.
But instead, he talks in big terms like it'll look double-stranded, it'll look single-stranded.
No, he's just overcomplicating something that's very simple.
Transfection in healthy humans is a crime.
because the injection of RNA with the intention of expressing a protein in random places and getting the body to usefully respond to the biological consequences of that hypothetical protein is so many layers of dumb, it actually makes the old vaccine schedule look somewhat intelligent in certain contexts and in certain manifestations.
That's how remarkable it is.
Transfection is actually dumber than previous vaccines, because previous vaccines, if they were applied to the skin, almost make sense.
Some of them do, depending on how they're produced.
Most of them don't, because they have all kinds of other shit in them, and because they're not put in a place where you could, in theory, augment the cartoon of the immune system as best we understand it.
Intramuscular injection is the opposite of that.
And his job is to make sure that you never get to that point.
But you're considering an endless list of potential possibilities, one of which is changing genes.
Come on.
What that tells you is that the toll receptors that are typically looking for these things are going to be confused by it.
The enzymes that like to destroy these things.
Confused?
Is that really the word that you should use as a biologist?
Confused, the toll-like receptors are gonna be confused.
Stop lying!
This is just, it's just so much bullshit.
Things are gonna be confused by it.
The RIG-1 is one and MD5 is another one that look for these things to try to destroy them.
List a couple things that don't matter to confuse the guy even more.
You're still not really explaining the biology and you're still not really being honest because if you were being honest, of course, it's just murder and lies and you're in charge of it.
It's certainly going to present a different response to how your immune system looks at this.
It might be one reason why it's evading everything.
Some of the papers suggest that the toll receptor activity changes when you throw in this N1 methyl pseudouridine.
And we are seeing all these papers that imply that our immune system has somewhat been silenced after vaccination.
And it makes me wonder if that's because as long as this mRNA is floating around, that some of your immune cells are being trained to think that's nothing to worry about.
We've also- So now the immune system is responding to the mRNA that's just hanging around apparently intracellularly or extracellularly?
Where is the mRNA hanging out?
Is it inside of the lipid nanoparticles still or it already came out?
The hell is he talking about?
Again, he's just adding layer after layer after layer of complexity and it's mostly bullshit.
seen this with this IGG4 class shift that goes on where if you keep repeating- The IGG4 class shift is something that so many of these clowns parroted at the time and repeated and then now it's coming back again in his presentation.
Why?
Because it's all his script.
Him and Robert Malone are the only two guys that have enough requisite knowledge to have created this elaborate bullshit script that all these people are on.
exposing someone to the same antigen, your body just starts to think, all right, maybe that's an allergen or that's something that I have to tone my immune system down.
So the next time the virus gets in, it goes rampant on you.
And the people end up having worse results over time if they do, if they repeat this.
I don't have a firm answer on what it does other than I read enough of the literature to know that the monkeying was something somewhat haphazardly here.
I'm sorry, but on Twitter, he has repeatedly
lambasted me for using the word transfection.
He even posted a post with another anonymous account saying, he's so special for using the word transfection.
I was doing transfection.
I was doing transfection in 1998 with Sabatini, says Mr. Kevin McKernan.
but he's calling it a vaccine now in 2024 and still calling it a vaccine in 2025, even though he knows it's a transfection and most of this crap was expected outcomes, likely outcomes in the human population.
Duh, we've been doing it in mice and monkeys for decades.
There's a lot of biology tied in around these methylated bases.
And just flooding the cells with 100% swap of these things, we're in uncharted territory there.
100% swap of these things?
It's only a few RNAs.
You see the magic?
Your cells are full of RNA.
They're doing all kinds of things, maintaining things, all things that we don't understand in irreducible complexity.
And part of that symphony is an ever-ending regulation of RNA transcripts being made, being degraded, la, la, la, la, la.
And then we put a little nanoparticle in there, and all of a sudden, all that RNA's messed up.
Now we got all this pseudo-uridine here.
We're never gonna make anything again.
Stop lying!
It's just so absurd.
It's so absurd.
It...
It borders on really like, you know, come on guys.
I kind of feel like, you know, somebody else should be able to see this besides me.
The only way it's not possible is if every single person on social media that has any reach at all is there by design.
So can, could it, the DNA plasmids, I guess their fraction, or like pieces of them, either those or the mRNA, could they be taken up by bacteria in the body, and could those bacteria, pump out spike protein, more easily.
Could there be a retro integration or whatever event, more easily in the bacteria versus in our own cells.
Just talk about that.
If they were fully intact, perhaps that's a risk.
I don't know that they'll actually express spike protein, but let me walk you through this.
So the lots that we sequence are not notorious lots.
We've looked them up in like how bad is my lot, and they don't seem to have a tremendous number of adverse events.
With the exception of the monovalence, I think Sasha
How bad is our lot is, of course, Sasha Latupova and this Craig Partacoper from the UK.
And now he's going to cite Sasha as having said that these are pretty normal batches.
You know, according to her data, she's pretty smart.
They had found some data in California that suggested they had some elevated adverse response.
But if there are vaccine lots out there that have a bigger DNAase problem, then we don't seem to have a tremendous number of adverse events.
With the exception of the monovalence, I think Sasha had found some data in California that
So Sasha's kind of like JJ, I guess.
You don't even have to say her last name anymore.
You just say JJ, you just say Sasha, and everybody knows who you're talking about.
That's kind of cool.
Suggested they had some elevated adverse response.
But if there are vaccine lots out there that have a bigger DNAase problem than we've seen, and less fragmented, and there's some full-length plasmids in there, those could get into bacteria.
E. coli prefers having circular DNA to heat shock it.
You don't need much heat.
You can get these plasmids into E. coli at 37C.
If you have a slight fever at 38 or 39, that will heat shock into bacteria.
And so what he's saying is that the plasmid, if it was just loose and running around, if it's the circular plasmid and you had a fever, then it could go into the bacteria really easy.
Heat shock it in.
That's how we put it into the bacteria.
We just heat shock.
So if your gut's hot enough, then it'll just go into your gut bacteria because that's the way it works.
That's how transfection would work then.
That's how transformation would work then.
That's how a phage would get through.
And since phages are really good at moving through mucus, then it would be pretty easy for them to do it.
And so all of this story about viruses that infect you, all this story about gain of function viruses being made and released and spilled and traveling around the world just has to absolutely positively ignore all the bacteria and all the phages that are actually the foundation of that genetic background that supposedly these geniuses are pulling a high fidelity signal called SARS-CoV-2 from the background with
99 primer pairs.
Or 106, depending on which test you use, which sequencing set you use.
106 primer pairs to sequence the whole SARS-CoV-2.
And it just pulls this signal away from a background that's irreducibly complex, built of bacterial DNA and RNA and bacterial
phages, DNA and RNA.
Yeah.
Okay.
So here we go.
There's an origin of replication for bacteria on the plasmid that would copy it in a, in a, in a bacteria.
Again, we're talking about very rare events here, but.
SV40.
So he's seeding that narrative right now in the middle of 2024 so that he's ready to do it.
He already started in January of that year, right in front of the Senate talking about this shit.
Let's say there's billions of these molecules around and one of them can do this.
Once it gets into an E. coli cell, if that patient is on antibiotics, that E. coli cell is going to win because it has the selective advantage of staying alive in the presence of antibiotics.
And so now it's an added selected method because not only do you have to get transfected, but then the DNA has to get down in your gut.
Then you have to have a fever.
Then it's going to go into the DNA, the bacteria, and then
And then the presence of antibiotics is going to select for that bacteria because it got the plasmid and the plasmid gives it resistance to antibiotics.
And then magically, your entire microbiome will be transformed into antibiotic-resistant bacteria, I guess.
So you need a couple of lightning strikes for this to happen, right?
You have to have a plasmid around that's fully intact.
You have to get it into a coli.
Just take the one.
Just one.
And if you're patients on antibiotics, like anything that's just one, it's a lot like the prion, right?
Right, Kevin McCarron, just one molecule, it's all it takes and you're done.
an aminoglycoside, then that bacteria is gonna probably take off.
Now, it turns out the vaccine plasmid that's in there doesn't have a COSAC, or I should say, it has a COSAC consensus sequence, which is what is needed for ribosomes to turn this thing into protease in mammalian cells.
It doesn't have the one that bacteria have.
So I think the bacteria would make the RNA, but the RNA wouldn't get turned into protein because it's lacking the right translational signals for that.
Additionally, there is a pathway known as bactofection, where mammalian cells engulf bacteria and eat them, and all of their guts spill out.
And, well, OK, then the third lightning strike, maybe you could get something, a spike protein made.
But we're in this series of three lightning strike events for that to actually happen.
So I think that's probably unlikely and very rare, although
that we're dealing with big numbers, billions of people with billions of these molecules as contaminants.
So could it be happening in one of them?
Billions of people with billions of contaminants.
And so no placebo at all.
The how's your batch data monitored by Sasha is perfectly legit shit, according to the human genome project director, our research and development director.
It's really remarkable.
He is promoting Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soph.
Of the people out there, I don't know.
I know that got a lot of fanfare early on, because when we first sequenced these, we didn't respect how fragmented they were.
We got a full assembly of a plasmid.
And we looked in the sequencing to see paradigm reads that went around the whole circle.
So we assumed that it was full length and intact.
And then the more and more work we did chipping away at this, we realized, now wait a minute, they are in fact fragmented.
And that means there's less likely for the, there's less likely that the full plasmid is going to remain intact.
Wait, you had to work hard to figure out it wasn't just one big plasmid?
That seems pretty remarkable coming from the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project in 2024.
You had to work hard to figure out that there wasn't just one contiguous molecule.
I thought you could just put this shit through a microarray or through a microfluidics or a nanopore sequencing and you get the whole thing right done.
all these stories about how easy it is to do this shit.
And then they did it.
And at first they thought it would, they just assumed that it was the whole plasmid.
But after a lot more work, we figured out that it wasn't.
It's such a joke.
Are you going to sequence some bad batches?
If people can get them to us, we'll do it.
I don't know.
That's the biggest challenge.
Are you going to sequence some of those bad batches that Sasha Latupova found?
which is people having them still maintained and sending them to us.
And right now we've been focusing more on getting other people the capacity to replicate this because enough eggs have been thrown at us thinking that we're like manufacturing all this.
So what we did, and after we sequenced this, we realized this probably won't get reproduced for some time because sequencing these things is more expensive.
So we designed- I thought sequencing was getting so cheap you could do a whole genome for $3,000.
We're talking about what is going, what is he talking about?
How expensive could it be to sequence a pure sample of an RNA in a vial?
Monetated PCR assays and then put those assays public because that can be done for 10 bucks in an hour.
It's very fast and easy.
And there's PCR machines all over the world right now for the COVID PCR pipeline that's been in place and is now a lot of them are actually quite idle.
But by doing that, it enabled a lot of other labs to pick this up and test it.
We had a lab yesterday report some results down in South Carolina where they had access, they got access to a thousand vials from their clinic.
And they just started the process of quantitative PCR using the primers we sent them.
So they send you the primers.
You have to trust that those primers are the primers they get.
They don't let you order the primers?
and they're getting similar CT scores across.
These are CT scores.
Well, no shit.
If you send them all the reagents, no kidding.
Really?
If you send them the microwave popcorn and they follow the directions, they also get popcorn?
Wow.
in the 18 range.
For those not familiar with PCR, during the pandemic, they would probably quarantine you for a CT score of maybe 38.
A CT score of 38 on what protein, Kevin?
Using what controls, Kevin?
And what was the actual amplicon, Kevin?
You know, let's just make sure that's clear.
If you wanted to find this book right here, this is a really weird book, right?
You wanted to find this book and you use primers to find it to say that this book is on my bookshelf.
Look, let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's go over here.
Oops, not over there.
So this book on my bookshelf.
So we'll put it in like this.
Now we can screen for two things here, right?
We could screen for the phrase once upon a time.
And if we find it and it amplifies rather quickly, then we can say, well, then for sure it's in there.
Or we could screen for some, something like a,
In 2072, aliens attacked Earth.
Oh, no.
Our peaceful society seemed unprepared, but not the Zephyr.
That's one of the first sentences in the beginning of this target.
And the amplicon would just be page one.
And if we find page one, then we can reasonably assume that this comic book is on my bookshelf.
Now, would it be better to use welcome to the future, the very first words on this thing?
Um, would it be very, would it be look for more information about characters in our story or, um, our peaceful society seemed unprepared, but not the Zephyr.
Most people think he's just a blue costume crime fighter, but he's a been a surprising help.
If we use primers to find that sentence, I'm pretty confident that those primers would not find any of those books on the shelf.
But if we used the primers that would find the sentence, welcome to the future, the primers would be welcome and future.
And there might be lots of sentences over here that would give you a false positive.
If I wanted to select another paragraph from here, I could select paragraphs that would, you know, be good and paragraphs that wouldn't be very good because they would be specific for this book because they would use terms and combinations of words that were very specific to this story.
Or I could choose sentences that didn't do that.
Like, they reduced water pollution.
If I chose that, then you could imagine they reduced water pollution as a sentence that could resemble a sentence in a lot of those books.
But not if I use a sentence where Jotifari have always lived beneath our oceans.
They can slowly breathe oxygen, but they have wet gills, webbed feet, and a gracefully strong tail.
And so when he says that people were
Oops, I probably have to do that again and then that again.
If he says that people are, are 38, cycle 38 positive, but doesn't tell you what, what proteins he's talking about, then he's absolutely positively admitting what I've been arguing for the last four years.
The PCR test is just misconstruing an irreducibly complex background into a high fidelity signal, which it is not.
And one of his primary jobs over the course of the pandemic was to make sure that that narrative about PCR being a useful diagnostic was never usefully questioned.
And make no mistake about it, usefully questioning it is not challenging the cycle count.
That's a bullshit hamster wheel.
Neither live nor dead is a narrative that he told me in my live stream a couple weeks before Rixie came to my house.
That there are viral technologies called live dead technologies that could be combined with PCR so that we wouldn't be, you know, getting a bunch of false positives with people that don't have any live virus.
And in 2024, three years later, he's going to say the same bullshit line again.
is that's outside your mucosal barrier.
That's not a big deal.
It could be dead virus.
But now we're talking about a DNA contaminant that shouldn't be there, but it's being directly injected to you.
And it's a million fold higher concentration than what they're quarantining you for the virus.
There's a huge difference here in terms of the scale of what's going on.
There's a tremendous amount, a million, one to two million molecules per microliter probably.
So there's so much more in an injection than there is when you're infected by the virus.
Imagine that.
That's no big deal to him.
It's okay.
It must be crazy then, right?
Because if the virus can kill people with a fraction of, you know, orders of magnitude less signal, it can kill people.
And it's the most contagious virus ever because of four amino acids called a fear and cleavage site or 19.
in these vaccines.
Now, could that vary another hundredfold, another lot?
Yeah, it probably can.
The lowest CT score we saw was when I think Simon Godek and Dr. Randall Baugh came to our- Simon Godek is a paid ex-account.
that works with these guys and has worked with them so long that he blocked me last year.
Simon Godek, the guy with the beer glass.
That guy is faker than a box of rocks.
He's just like the vigilant fox.
It's the same malevolent show.
lab and I had them set up the PCR and the vaccine vials.
We picked one of the vials out of a pack that we have and they were getting numbers in the 15 to 16 range.
So there are some vials out there that vary.
Another, what is that, two to three CTs, it's almost tenfold more in some of the vials.
We do need to survey other lots, particularly the lots that have adverse events.
Maybe this is because they have either more endotoxin or more plasma DNA and
they're resulting in more anaphylaxis.
More and more complicated, more and more complicated when it's intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting a healthy human is dumb.
Dumb as a box of rocks.
Another thrombolytic type of activity.
Okay, I have hopefully one more kind of like question slash subject.
Listen carefully.
And I would actually love to have somebody really well versed in this debate, somebody else who's on the other side of this, which is do viruses exist?
So I think viruses exist.
It just seems to make sense from my lived experience that this is a story that makes sense.
And I studied a little bit about viruses in med school.
All that being said,
I still don't know enough to like if I go down the rabbit or start going down the rabbit hole of all these blogs and stuff and people writing about all the reasons why they think viruses don't exist.
I'm not really equipped to argue against them I like I don't understand the flaws in their reasoning or the holes in their arguments right.
Could you maybe give a
Steel man, the viruses don't exist argument, if possible.
Yeah, I'll do my best.
They may critique me as not doing them fair justice.
So I think there's a couple of different themes here.
There's the folks who say coronavirus pandemic didn't exist.
And that doesn't mean that there isn't an RNA that's traveling the globe causing some sickness.
A lot of people will point to Denny's work and be like, look, no virus was here.
It was all government-made death.
But I think as a physician and myself having actually been sick with this and seen it go through my household, there is some kind of RNA that can hop person to person.
And that we can sequence in every person and it tracks with some level of disease.
I think there's really fair debates on the side that some of the terrain and no virus folks will bring up that not everyone gets sick with this thing.
You have people out there that don't get sick from this RNA being around, therefore you have not fulfilled Koch's postulate because you should have everyone get sick.
I can see that being a some people are better vitamin D, whatever, they're younger, they're not as at risk, so they manage the virus and get rid of it without any concern.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
And just like that, just like that, Kevin McKernan addressed everything that I've been saying for the last three years in one little statement.
There is an RNA.
You can sequence it and you can put it places and it does stuff.
All of these people were put in place to make sure that any damage from transfection could be blamed on the virus and the spike protein because this is a continuation of the Human Genome Project.
It is the next phase of the Human Genome Project where a
A remnant stream of PCR testing is used to sample from everyone and anyone they can as often as possible.
One of the best things they did in 2020 and 21 was sample repeatedly from all the young college kids in America that we didn't have the wherewithal to keep home for a couple years.
And that was by design.
That was one of the main reasons why these people had to be out there to make sure that there was enough confusion and frustration and doubt that those kids would go back to college and be at the willy nilly, you know, at the mercy of those horrible places and test repeatedly.
And Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig and Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone did shit all about it.
They made it happen.
That's the reason why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
It is a recycling of a fake anti-vax movement in the UK.
And they stood in front of Brandy Vaughn the same way they're standing in front of me now.
The only question is, I guess, and it's going to be in 9-11-2025 when I finally put a shotgun in my mouth, according to Kevin McCarran.
This history is real, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the reason why Suzanne Humphreys is in front of us and on Joe Rogan in the last month.
Because our consciousness is their prime real estate and they put these liars in place of people like Brandy Vaughn and myself, in place of people like Mark Kulak who are trying to characterize and cover this.
Yeah, very much so.
I see.
So yeah, so let's just jump right in.
So I wanted to talk a little bit about the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak.
I wanted to start with an episode of interview you did a couple of weeks ago on The High Wire with Del Bigtree, in which you gave, you used science and facts to make a strong case that the coronavirus was lab created, not a naturally occurring organic permutation of a prior virus.
But your stance and position seems to have changed a little bit after that.
Can you just explain, you know, what new facts have you learned?
what has changed since then?
Sure.
So the public needs to understand the difference between laboratory origin and man-made, right?
So the question of where this virus came from was supposed to be answerable by looking at the sequences, the genetic sequences.
And in the original publication, there was a missing, there was a segment of the genome that
that the original authors couldn't seem to place.
They didn't know.
Did he say genome?
Did he really say genome?
Like these people are actors.
Where it came from.
And a second peer review publication also could not find a match to any known sequences.
And this was strange.
So they called it the middle fragment.
So my analysis of the middle fragment was a careful analysis and it led to the discovery that this middle fragment matched what was called P-shuttle SN.
P-shuttle SN is a vector technology, it turns out, that was derived from a P-shuttle vector that was created in 1998.
The P-shuttle SN was the only match that I could find this to, along with some spike proteins, but it was 67% or so similar.
given all the data that we had at the time, it seemed like we had found something of a match between a vector technology and the... A vector technology, meaning it was a commercially derived sequence, which I guess could be used in bacterial culture and the manufacture of biologics.
The novel coronavirus, you know,
fragment.
It seemed almost as if there was a leftover piece of the vector technology.
So moving forward then, as science does, the question is, how do we test this hypothesis?
And the way you test a hypothesis is to try to design a critical test that if the critical test fails, then we can falsify
hypothesis and say that we have not corroborated the hypothesis.
So to take this approach to science then, I had to think about the best way that we could really truly critically test this.
And phylogenetics is a useful tool that I can make the prediction.
If given all the coronavirus spike proteins that we have data for in the database, if P shuttle is most closely related to
the SARS-CoV-19 coronavirus.
SARS-CoV-19, COVID, you know, the way that Robert Malone pronounced it.
This is all a script.
This guy was scripted at the beginning of the pandemic because he is part of this fake anti-vax movement and was part of it back when Brandy Vaughn was still alive.
And here he is on a Chinese, American-based Chinese podcast
Yeah, talking about his recent interview with Del Bigtree in February of 2020.
Then we can say, yes, there seems to be a strong link.
Or if this P Shuttle SN clusters with other kinds of coronaviruses more strongly, then that would tell us, well, this is probably not related.
And so to the person first time in the chat, Jay, why would they create the pandemic to get lots of genetic samples from college kids?
Why not just offer them $50 a week for nose swabs?
Many of them would take them up on that.
That is absolutely true.
But this is a many layered plan.
It's a, you know, how many birds with this stone can we get?
And I haven't even dropped the biggest bomb yet that I think I kind of, I think it's real.
I think it's actually, it's just been one malevolent show since Obama.
It's just been one malevolent show since H.W.
Bush, since George Bush, since Bill Clinton, since Barack Obama, since Trump, since Biden, since Trump.
It's all the same show.
And the engagement in the idea that Trump is an outsider is exactly the trap that they have put conservative America in.
Because they don't like conservative America.
Conservative America has higher powers that they answer to.
Conservatives all over the world have higher powers that they answer to, higher moral standards that they hold themselves to, a higher level of responsibility for their own actions and their own lives are taken by people on the conservative side.
So all of these people of our ruling class hate us.
And so they have put in place a fake anti-vax movement that is part of a left-wing democratic
Nonsense movement.
It's not a real conservative movement.
And they're all laughing because they're all on the same team.
Bill and Hillary Clinton are on the same team as Donald Trump, as Obama and Biden, as Bannon.
They're all the same.
And they think that it's really funny that we engage in this elaborate theater, that we really think that Donald Trump is coming to our rescue as he does nothing, nothing that would signal that.
And it's, if you see it as one contiguous track record, it's really almost remarkable what they've been able to accomplish from Biden to Trump.
I mean, sorry, from Obama to Trump.
It's remarkable.
I undertook that analysis and I found that the P-Shuttle SN actually clustered with the SARS coronavirus cluster that was related to a genomics project, I think at Guangdong, as well as a cancer center project.
And it seems as though it was either used there or it was derived from them.
And so we can rule out that P-Shuttle SN was involved in the development of
SARS-CoV-19.
But it doesn't rule out other vectors as potentially being used.
And so I made sure to include all the other artifacts.
I mean, I don't even know if I answered your question, to be honest, because I think the reason why they didn't pay college kids is because this is about their kids.
So the idea is that the kids that went to college during the coronavirus are going to have kids.
If they went to college during the pandemic, they're going to have kids.
And the ones that do have kids have to be 100%
for this idea that medicine needs to genetic screening like what Kevin McKernan said in that video in 2017.
The future of medicine is requiring on a trial by trial basis that everybody be genetically screened and that you only look at a genetically homogenous subset of people so that you at least understand a little more about how your drug works.
Official spike proteins.
that I had the data for, and none of them clustered with SARS-CoV-19, which means that none of the data that we have right now supports a vector origin of the virus.
Okay.
Now, something happened along the way that I think is a very lucky
set of circumstances, because this analysis exonerates any of the published sequences as being a source that were in the lab.
It doesn't mean that it didn't come from an accidental laboratory release of a natural virus.
It doesn't mean that it did.
What it means is that we can say that there doesn't seem to be a fingerprint of mankind on this virus at this time.
Then we undertook a further analysis to see, okay,
Is there a characteristic signature in the functional motifs of the protein, the spike protein, in SARS coronavirus 19?
And if there is a difference in the functional motif patterns in SARS coronavirus 19, are there any other sequences in the databases that we have that have that functional motif pattern?
And that functional motif pattern may well be a signature of pathogenicity.
And so having noticed that the SARS-CoV-19 motif pattern at the protein analysis level was different than SARS, it gave us what could be a signature of pathogenicity.
And so we downloaded all of the protein sequences for a spike protein to try to see
if in fact there was any kind of a match.
Now this work is under peer review and I have permission from the journal that's reviewing it to publish the paper.
I've submitted the paper to an archive to see if they'll publish it ahead of peer review.
What we found was really exciting because some Chinese scientists way back in 2005
actually published a study of three sequences from coronavirus.
And scientists at North Carolina University in the United States downloaded
those sequences along with a fourth sequence.
So really weird, right?
Then they can build it.
And now you see the James Lyons Weiler is seeding in the early 2020, the narrative that the United States is responsible for it.
And lo and behold, in 2025, here we are.
China says it's us.
China says it was Fort Detrick.
Kim Iverson is doing coverage of a Fort Detrick leak.
I guess it could be America.
Maybe we'll have to burn the whole place down after all.
Maybe the rest of the world should just consider America a lost cause after all, and we can reorganize it under a global governance system where we share all the data across borders.
And you don't believe me, I'm sure.
Most people don't, but it's the truth.
And if you like what you see and you think this needs to be supported, please go to gigahomebiological.com and find a way to support the stream.
We really do need help right now.
We have the lowest number of subscribers we've ever had.
And some people can't, the people that have been supporting the stream can't support us forever the way they have.
And so we either need new people to step up
and start, you know, supporting in a pretty significant way.
Or we need a lot more little subscribers, which I would much rather have.
So if you're not there yet, please go to GigaOM Biological and find a way.
I just got word that my gym is going to be open today, that they have power.
and the owner of the gym just shared with me that.
I think I'm going to cut it short here, although I have a whole nother video coming.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm the chief biologist at Gingo Home Biological.
I come to you live every day, Monday through Friday, somewhere between 10 a.m.
Eastern and 12 p.m.
Eastern.
That's a two hour window, although it doesn't sound like it.
And I hope you'll join me tomorrow.
I presented to Panda before, but actually most of my work is now being misrepresented and diluted on a sub stack called, let me blank that out, Woodhouse 76.
You can see that up there.
Actually, Jessica Hockett and Mike Eden just collaborated on a vaccine related project.
Don't know article that can't really say it as succinctly as we say it here, but that's okay because that's their job They're supposed to argue with Claire Craig.
They're supposed to argue with Pierre Corey They're supposed to absorb my ideas and dilute them and then make it seem like it's their own they're even supposed to absorb my friendships, you know, and she pretends like Jay Bhattacharya is blocking me and I should be having a conversation with him because I'm a really important wife of a restaurateur in Chicago
Anyway, Jay Bhattacharya is my buddy and he's not talking to me because he's on script.
Robert Malone was a former, sorry, I said Robert Malone because Robert Malone is standing behind that guy.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
used to be my boss for like a year.
Right after that, it was Brian Hooker and Mary Holland at the CHD, Children's Health Defense, that I now consider just to be a sabotaged organization, a fake anti-vax movement that perpetuated the mythology of autism long enough to get
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
somewhere close to power so that he could just be a part of this ridiculous show.
That's the reason why this DNC former Obama administration employee and this DNC and the guy that went to the Clinton wedding
is the president because it's all one show.
Thank you very much for being here.
This is the High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm gonna play this out and I'm just gonna save what I had for tomorrow.
I think that's the best way to do it.
Don't be disappointed.
I gotta go answer the mail and find Beaterhead.
There's Beaterhead.
Thank you very much, guys.
See you soon.
I will be here tomorrow.
I will be here all week.
We're going to keep this streak going.
I might not do all the weekends are hard.
The weekends are hard.
I don't know how to say it.
I want to do weekends, but it's always it requires everybody in the house.
It requires everybody in the house and mostly my wife to make a lot of sacrifices that when the kids are at school, or at least two of the three kids are at school, it's a little easier to make those adjustments, but on the weekend it's hard.
We got three very active kids, two very active dogs, six very active chickens, and so the weekends are busy.
But thank you very much for being here.
Again, I don't like begging, but if you can support the stream, please try and do it.
There's going to be a lot more output.
There's going to be a lot more deliverables coming very soon.
It's just a question of time and trying to keep up with this flood of information and still try to expose it while it's visible.
I think that's really important to expose it while it's visible.
Kevin McKernan is not always going to be dancing.
If you search on PubMed, I'm sorry, on the internet right now, you just go on the internet and you go to YouTube and you search for Kevin McKernan, it is
It is remarkable.
Okay?
Remarkable.
Kevin McKernan is everywhere on the internet right now.
And it's really, really bad.
Okay?
It's really, really bad.
Because him and Robert Malone are essentially the narrative curators behind all of these people.
And it is the reason why Jay Bhattacharya is where he is.
It's the reason why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is the way he is.
And it's the reason why we're still injecting kids.
Thank you very much.